well howdy there internet people it's
beau again
so today we're going to talk about
leadership
messaging and eight minutes in florida
stick with me on this one um somebody
asked me
you know because we are in the news
right now a little bit y'all might have
heard about what's going on down here
um asked if it was really that bad
yeah yeah they're not making it up
they're not making it up
it is but
before we get into that i want to
acknowledge the difficulties of
governing
a state like florida
because there's the image of florida the
image that a lot of people have which is
beaches and parasailing and
restaurants and hotels and yeah that's
the coast
that's the coast you know it's from from
the shoreline
20 miles inland pretty much the entire
state
once you get past that 20 miles
that's not florida florida is populated
by a fiercely
independent people who have more
distrust of government
than appalachia hill folk so i want to
acknowledge the difficulties in
governing
a state like this that being said
where i am yeah it's bad
we're hit um we've got a pretty
large number of cases we've already had
quite a few
that had the worst outcome
there there are hospitals nearby that
are on divert
can't take any more people so yeah i
would say
it's it's pretty bad the thing is where
i am
that's not the area in the news
we're not the area being talked about
that's south florida
where i am nobody's really mentioning it
it's that bad here in south florida
yeah it's it's bad it's bad
it's not a manufactured narrative
the reason it is this bad
is not really because
desantis didn't issue stay-at-home
orders
or mask mandates or whatever
um because it's florida
nobody would have listened to him anyway
to be honest
i think everybody knows i'm not a fan of
desantis
and you'll certainly know that by the
end of this video but
that in florida not going to be as
effective as it might be in other states
um it's it's just different
here what matters in florida is
leadership
messaging and getting out information
telling people to actually trust
the experts not just using
one quote but telling them
all the guidance that went along with
that quote
that's what matters here we're not
getting that
the closest thing we got to any real
leadership came from rick scott
by accident you know he was being a good
republican foot soldier
out there staying on message on brand we
need to get those kids back to school
oh my grandkids oh no no no no they're
doing distance learning
ain't no way that's what florida needed
to hear
more than anything an acknowledgement
that no we're not getting back to normal
no everything is not okay
and while we're on this subject i want
to
say thank you to all of the
county school districts that have
collectively raised their middle finger
to tallahassee and who are doing the
the virtual stuff
that's that's a good move and it also
illustrates the point about governing
florida
even the governments the subordinate
governments in florida
won't listen the the peoples certainly
won't
what matters is messaging getting the
right information out there
the problem is early on
the the government the state leadership
in quotes they declared victory
you know desantis went out there and
berated the media
as if the media had created the studies
and
was personally responsible for all of
this
you know they're like you said that it
was going to be two weeks
in two weeks florida would be the next
new york well here we are eight weeks
later and just nobody wants to admit
that i got it right
and my state's doing wonderful it's
challenging your narrative so you have
to create a boogie man
so there's black helicopters circling
the department of health
he actually said stuff like this i'll
put a clip down below
well we are not eight weeks out from
that we don't have black helicopters
circling the department of health
but what we do have are a bunch of black
hertz's circling south florida
and where is the governor in dc with
trump
that's a bold move reminding everybody
that he's just in lockstep with trump
following his directives
like a good little boy there's no way
that's going to become a
campaign ad come election time governor
awol i mean i see it coming i don't know
that that was that was bad optics that
was bad political imaging there
if he decides to return to the state at
some point
i would strongly suggest that he
acknowledge
things are not getting back to normal
you know the ideas right now the
information says
well it's going to plateau in two weeks
sure that's about the time the governor
wants to force all the kids back to
school and open everything back
up no it's not going to plateau then
it's going to get worse
it would probably be a good idea for
the governor to show that he's wearing a
mask
first he has to learn how to put one on
that was embarrassing
i don't know how you can live in florida
and not know how to put on an n95 it's
like he's never done hurricane cleanup
before
but putting on a mask telling people no
everything actually isn't back to normal
um
you know you should probably stay home
wash your hands don't touch your face if
you have to go out wear a mask
all that stuff and stick to it
stop trying to be so positive that
you're not
really telling the truth it's bad
it's out of hand you know
when we're getting updates in tweet
format
about when the next shipment of redemp
severe is
that that's probably a sign
that things are a little worse than the
governor is letting on
in a lot of communities when you're
talking about freeport florida
or ocala lake city waldo stark
places like this places people have
never heard of outside of florida
they're not going to listen to a mandate
they're going to listen to leadership
and they're going to look to see
what those in power are doing that's why
rick scott's
accidental statement is so important
that's what they're going to go off of
and we don't have that we don't have any
leadership
right now in the state of florida we are
losing a person
on average every eight minutes and 20
seconds
which is now
while you watch this video somebody died
that's how bad it is and we have no
leadership the governor is awol the best
leadership we have is not coming from
state government it's coming from
walmart
which is concerning given the fact that
walmart is not really known for their
social responsibility
the state government has to stop
pretending that they weren't wrong
that's that's the first step in this
they have to get out
and just admit it yeah it's bad we are
the next new york
governor desantis's little speech was
probably premature
now we have to act on it we have to stay
home
we have to do all the stuff we were
doing before because we opened up too
soon
we're back to the beginning
forcing it to happen yeah sure try
whatever
i guess it's not gonna matter not really
not if the messaging doesn't change
if the governor acts like he's being
forced into issuing these
these orders nobody's gonna nobody's
gonna listen to him
he doesn't even have to issue him and he
can just say yeah we messed up
this is a real thing trump's wrong we've
got to take action
wear your mask stay at home all the
stuff that we had to do before
that's what matters that's what's going
to save lives
or he can do nothing he can stay awol
the people of florida will figure it out
once enough holes get dug we're probably
reaching that point
so to answer the question
yeah it's that bad it's that bad in
florida
it's it's not a media fiction it's not a
manufactured narrative
it is that bad anyway it's just a
thought
you all have a good day